c:\users\shant\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\hostel_managment\hostel_managment\bin\Debug\hostel_managment.exe.config
c:\users\shant\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\hostel_managment\hostel_managment\bin\Debug\hostel_managment.exe
c:\users\shant\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\hostel_managment\hostel_managment\bin\Debug\hostel_managment.pdb
c:\users\shant\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\hostel_managment\hostel_managment\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
c:\users\shant\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\hostel_managment\hostel_managment\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.xml
c:\users\shant\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\hostel_managment\hostel_managment\obj\Debug\hostel_managment.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\shant\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\hostel_managment\hostel_managment\obj\Debug\Simple Styles.baml
c:\users\shant\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\hostel_managment\hostel_managment\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\shant\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\hostel_managment\hostel_managment\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\shant\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\hostel_managment\hostel_managment\obj\Debug\hostel_managment_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\shant\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\hostel_managment\hostel_managment\obj\Debug\hostel_managment_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\shant\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\hostel_managment\hostel_managment\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\shant\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\hostel_managment\hostel_managment\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\shant\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\hostel_managment\hostel_managment\obj\Debug\hostel_managment.g.resources
c:\users\shant\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\hostel_managment\hostel_managment\obj\Debug\hostel_managment.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\shant\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\hostel_managment\hostel_managment\obj\Debug\hostel_managment.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\shant\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\hostel_managment\hostel_managment\obj\Debug\hostel_managment.exe
c:\users\shant\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\hostel_managment\hostel_managment\obj\Debug\hostel_managment.pdb
C:\Users\shant\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\hostel_managment\hostel_managment\obj\Debug\Dashboard.g.cs
C:\Users\shant\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\hostel_managment\hostel_managment\obj\Debug\Dashboard.baml
C:\Users\shant\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\hostel_managment\hostel_managment\obj\Debug\AddSummaryWindow.baml
C:\Users\shant\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\hostel_managment\hostel_managment\obj\Debug\AddSummaryWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\shant\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\hostel_managment\hostel_managment\obj\Debug\AddMember.g.cs
C:\Users\shant\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\hostel_managment\hostel_managment\obj\Debug\DailyCostPage.g.cs
